Fix references from develop to 8.0.x (#1509)
PrestaShop/docs: themes/reference/templates/notifications.md

## Add your own message in your front controller

> Your front controller holds [the 4 following variables](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/8.0.x/classes/controller/FrontController.php#L616-L621):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your front controller holds [the 4 following variables](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/8.0.x/classes/controller/FrontController.php#L637-L640):
```

They are PHP arrays, and they hold messages as a string.

> Here is how you can [redirect the customer AND display a message after an action](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/8.0.x/classes/controller/FrontController.php#L614-L633):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is how you can [redirect the customer AND display a message after an action](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/8.0.x/classes/controller/FrontController.php#L634-L652):
```
